[MI-2093] Fixed some issues in the documentation (#13)
Brightscout/mattermost-plugin-servicenow-virtual-agent: README.md

## Overview

> This plugin integrates the ServiceNow Virtual Agent in Mattermost. For a stable production release, please download the latest version from the Plugin Marketplace and follow the instructions to [install](#installation) and [configure](#setup) the plugin. If you are a developer who wants to work on this plugin, please switch to the [Developer docs](./docs/developer_docs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin integrates the ServiceNow Virtual Agent in Mattermost. For a stable production release, please download the latest version from the Plugin Marketplace and follow the instructions to [install](#installation) and [configure](#setup) the plugin. If you are a developer and want to work on this plugin, please switch to the [Developer docs](./docs/developer_docs.md).
```
